well I D they don't have people let's
bow again so this is gonna probably be a
long one we're going to talk about a
poll that came out a healthy dose of
skepticism why people believe certain
things Bill Gates and Fox News anytime I
make fun of Fox News or their viewership
somebody shows up in the comments
section saying that I'm being unfair
that it's not a fair generalization to
say that they are easily led or that
they are gullible or that they allow
others to do their thinking for them a
recent poll by Yahoo News and YouGov
kind of dampens those complaints the
poll was basically they were asking
people to give true or false you know
whether or not they believed something
was true or didn't believe it
or they could say not sure the question
they asked was whether or not mr. Gates
was going to use the vaccine to give
them a chip
50% of Fox News viewers said true 25%
said they weren't sure I'd really like
to know what that first 50% knew what
evidence they have that the 25% doesn't
these numbers of true are not sure they
hold steady around 75% plus or minus for
Republicans in general and Trump voters
okay let me stop here and say there is
like a mountain of stuff that you can
criticize Bill Gates for all right there
is there's a whole bunch of stuff that
you can criticize him for this just
isn't one of them his actions in regards
to what's happening right now he was
sounding the alarm before it ever
happened this is his thing and because
of that he gets villainized in this way
because his name pops up his name shows
up in all of this different stuff
related to treatment of disease so
therefore well he must be behind it kind
of sense does that make
I normally don't mind theories like this
because I think they induce a healthy
amount of skepticism in government
because government is normally who
they're aimed at in some way however you
also need to be skeptical of the
theories that get presented because you
know you have motive means an
opportunity all right that's what you
really need to figure out I don't know
what the motive here is and I know
somebody surely has a list of things
that this will do but we're gonna go
through the ones that I think they might
believe but before we even get into that
I want to point out that this is just a
new spin on an old theory before it was
a chip it was a barcode before it was a
barcode it was a social security number
it all stems from taking the mark
getting the number and all of that it's
work comes from
okay so I don't know what possible
motive somebody would think exists for
doing this but let me give you some that
I was able to kind of dream up this
isn't really a straw man but these may
not actually be their positions because
it I doubt they even know to be honest
it was something they heard and they
believed track movement like the cell
phone you voluntarily carry everywhere
and probably answered this poll one that
tracks your movement even if it's not
active even if they're not actively
surveilling you at the moment it keeps
track of what towers you ping off of and
they can review that months or years
later most people as far as their
movement goes today they type in the
address they're going to on their phone
there's a record of that using the
navigation system finding out how long
it will take all of that stuff stays
that's all part of your digital
footprint if that doesn't do it for you
your photos your photos that you post to
social media a lot of them have metadata
in it that says where you were when you
were all of that stuff and even if it
doesn't the visual clues in those photos
give give a pretty good picture of where
you are and what you're doing well maybe
it's to track your financial
transactions like your ATM card in your
bank and all of the digital stuff that
you already do most people don't use
cash anymore that record already exists
it's already thing there's no reason to
chip someone aside from that your social
media that stuff you voluntarily put out
there right it provides a complete
psychological profile of you how you
process information what sources you
like whether or not you read an entire
article what you post what gets you
angry what makes you happy how quickly
you read all of this stuff your likes
you dip your dislikes
celebrities you follow how easily you're
influenced all of that stuff do you
voluntarily turn over that that's more
than any chip could ever do you get that
kind of information you used to have to
go through somebody's trash for weeks
but now it's just kind of hand it out
and then a lot of people have the home
assistant Siri what's the weather and
that is an open invite to be listened to
in your home yeah then you have the
navigation system in your car the one
that may or may not be built-in and a
lot of newer cars there's already a
navigation system in it that does a
pretty good job of tracking where you go
and then on top of that you have CCTV
you know you have security cameras
everywhere
I live out in the boonies and I actually
tried it one day just as an experiment
to see if you could get from a main road
to my house without ending up on camera
and you can't and I live way out there
if you live in any form of suburban
little town major city you're filmed
constantly there's no motive for this
and who gets this information tech
companies the people that are actually
getting villainized in these days
they're the one group of people that
don't need it because you've given them
more than they could ever get from a
chip from the motive standpoint it
doesn't even make sense it's just it
this isn't the thing it's not a thing
now at some point in the future sure
maybe maybe a bank decides to help
prevent identity theft in that manner or
something like that I'll be honest I
probably wouldn't do it but the idea
that they're gonna hide it for
surveillance purposes that's just it's
not even cost-effective it's not even
cost-effective because something like
that could be disrupted very easily
and you already provide them way more
information than they would ever get
from a chip it just doesn't make any
sense now there's a funny part to this
because I'm hearing that 75% of a
demographic believe like this is a thing
that's probably pretty depressing so
here here's something humorous the same
people that believe there's this James
Bond villain Bill Gates guy out there
who's probably acting in cahoots with
the government to do this crazy thing
and whatever the fool theory is the
people who believe this are the same
people who want to cut off their only
means of escape
Fox News viewers are ridiculously in
support of building the wall if this is
a thing and one day you had to run from
said science fiction government probably
not can they begin on plane and right
now you're chanting to close up your
only Avenue of escape that seems a
little short-sighted it's like you're
letting somebody else do the thinking
for you if you truly believe that this
is a possibility you should be screaming
to have that wall torn down more than
any liberal
it is it's like they're easily led like
somebody else is doing the thinking for
them like they're gullible like they are
easily manipulated because those are two
very contradictory things we live in
this science fiction dystopian world
which in some ways we already do but you
want to make sure that you can't leave
it that doesn't even make sense
but those at FoxNews they can run those
stories about people that don't look
like you and get you to kick down I'm
not concerned about this this is not
something I'm worried about I am more
worried that there's 75 percent of
people who view it as a possibility who
watch Fox News who don't understand that
what they're worried about
is already happening because they watch
a news network in quotes that doesn't
inform them that cheer leads it all on
and convinces them to cheerlead for it
the surveillance society you're worried
about it's already here anyway it's just
a fault
you'll have a good day